Add missing property name in Using GIProbe (#5499)
godotengine/godot-docs: tutorials/3d/gi_probes.rst

.. image:: img/giprobe_wrap.png

> Afterwards, make sure to enable the "Use In Baked" property on the geometry instances. This is important in
> order for ``GIProbe`` to recognize objects, otherwise they will be ignored:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Afterwards, make sure to enable the **Use In Baked Light** property on the geometry instances
in the inspector. This is required for ``GIProbe`` to recognize objects,
otherwise they will be ignored:
```
